Lionel you mustn't fight them I won't
fight them but the lord of the
Thundercats can't one lion-o prime can
be a good thing but Brian carry too far
is foolishness
they've stopped the Warped gas has worn
off just in time the brute men are their
normal dasol selves again go gentle
brute men return to your simple lives
and peaceful ways don't you understand
you're not slaves anymore you're free
well the brute men seem to understand
the word free all right didn't they
everyone does lion-o even those who
would deprive others of their freedom
and then the brute men just turned and
walked away without so much as a thanks
is that why you fought to free them
lion-o for thanks you wasted your time
then didn't you I did not I did it
because because because it was the right
thing to do yeah nobody bothers to
mention that he was just following old
snarfs example oh no
you